doc: board_porting: Move the board extensions section (#63142)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/hardware/porting/board_porting.rst

#. Prepare a pull request adding your board which follows the
   :ref:`contribute_guidelines`.

Board extensions
****************

Boards already supported by Zephyr can be extended by downstream users, such as
``example-application`` or vendor SDKs. In some situations, certain hardware

> description or `choices <devicetree-chosen-nodes>`_ can not be added in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description or :ref:`choices <devicetree-chosen-nodes>` can not be added in the
```

upstream Zephyr repository, but they can be in a downstream project, where
custom bindings or driver classes can also be created. This feature may also be
useful in development phases, when the board skeleton lives upstream, but other
features are developed in a downstream module.

Board extensions are board fragments that can be present in an out-of-tree board
root folder, under ``${BOARD_ROOT}/boards/extensions``. Here is an example
structure of an extension for the ``plank`` board and its revisions:

.. code-block:: none

   boards/extensions/plank
   ├── plank.conf                # optional
   ├── plank_<revision>.conf     # optional
   ├── plank.overlay             # optional
   └── plank_<revision>.overlay  # optional

A board extension directory must follow the naming structure of the original

> board to extend. It may contain Kconfig fragments and/or devicetree overlays.

Reviewer: nit/style (feel free to ignore)
```suggestion
board it extends. It may contain Kconfig fragments and/or devicetree overlays.
```
